today we're chi-wai university and we're
gonna give you a first impression from
an international students perspective
let's go
they have they have parks they have a
canal want to go firstly they have a lot
of bike to house students really like to
run knowledge and China's theater yo
what's up guys today is special I'm here
with Daddy know I've been your agent
from Indonesia so yeah good tell me
about yourself
planning to go to see what University to
take my master degree in business yeah
next year yes so today we showed it
around the campus so what do you think
so far is a very nice place you have to
go to this place when you come to
Beijing as you can see like we're in
this area that looks like a park but
it's actually a part of the school so
this is what you guys like what do you
think of I took you to the classrooms
what do you think of the classrooms very
unique because the class will use the
chalk how did you find my channel you
have a type to the YouTube about seeing
why University alive or yeah something
like that and here you will found
helpful that's how you tell me yes and
he has many interesting video about my
itself with
ah he didn't pay me for them it's very
it's really interesting what you like
but my videos
sounds quality about what your humor
saying the quality of the video I guess
what do you like most about you moi
about meeting you and your horizon what
you're missing Angela knows what yeah
well it's very in very good time to
people in the comments down below
yeah men to him at Jie
Jia Jia Jia
I heart to higher office er she'll
respond to every mention he get I guess
if you go to steam what by yourself
it's not interesting no what's the most
interesting thing you've learned about
Ching hai so far about the campus about
the environment no it's very nice to
study here I guess if I were here I
imagined myself to read a book in at the
park like your dad over there take a nap
interview your dad here's my daddy is my
father from Indonesia so ask him what he
thinks
- whoa what do you think about you I am
forming same class
lalu beside hey but Scotty Sangha Ito
very green very green
excited I said Sigma is very huge and
very green does Ching hua in Indonesia
have like a reputation no no actually in
Indonesia the picking University is more
popular more more popular than Xinhua
but anyone who have studied in China
know steamer very well I see so what
made you want to come to Chinua Oh
basically because Xinhua SEM has
collaborated with MIT okay and also
because I want to learn about Chinese
about Chinese language would you be
proud of your daughter if she came to
Ching hua I love yes among a very very
proud bangle akalabeth the scholarship
he said that he will be more prouder if
you can't get the scholarship what would
you tell someone who is coming here for
the first time try to find your friends
yeah just make any friends anyone who is
studying in Simois because if you are
one you will get poor you traveled
around Beijing to write in the cat past
couple of days so like what do you think
about Beijing as a city okay what are
two things you like two things you don't
like subway and the bus okay
it's pretty that's one thing yes
transportation okay what's another thing
you're reading a pass many Park me
things that I don't
like about the AG is one pilot public
pilot a public talk because there's no
doors for women you know how in women's
toilets have stalls right but in these
toilets there's nothing blocking each
toilet so you can just see girls
squatting next to each other yes
doing their business oh yes all right
about two or three girls squatting oh my
god oh yes all right all right yeah
let's uh let's walk around a little bit
and we're just uh end our video I found
a girl in there over 30 video
all right so that was a toward how did
you like it yes I like it very much it's
very interesting and thanks for filling
my whole day and my birthday with Sigma
I was your birthday
[Applause]
thank you that feel of Ravi to me yeah
wow that's amazing thank you so you come
here next year yeah I'll tell you if I
can get here anything else you have to
say I say subscribe
anything else you say and you can get a
lot of information and fun
congratulations were so - vacation